[receiver/iis] Add IIS Metrics Receiver (#8832)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/iisreceiver/README.md

# Microsoft IIS Receiver

The `iis` receiver grabs metrics about an IIS instance using the Windows Performance Counters.
Because of this, it is a Windows only receiver.

Supported pipeline types: `metrics`

## Configuration

The following settings are optional:

- `collection_interval` (default = `10s`): The interval at which metrics should be emitted by this receiver.

Example:

```yaml
    receivers:
      iis:
        collection_interval: 10s
```

The full list of settings exposed for this receiver are documented [here](./config.go).

## Metrics

> Details about the metrics produced by this receiver can be found in [metadata.yaml](./documentation.md) 

Author: Updated

> Details about the metrics produced by this receiver can be found in [metadata.yaml](./metadata.yaml) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Details about the metrics produced by this receiver can be found in [documentation.md](./documentation.md) 
```
